What question are you asking?
  The question I wish to answer with my current data set is: 
    how much of an effect does air pollution in cities versus rural areas in the 
    countries around the world have on the death rate from diseases related to poor air quality? 
What answer did you get?
  Currently this is still in question but it appears that there is most certainly a heavier rate of 
  deaths by these diseases in cities where populations are not only more dense but the exposure to 
  poor air quality is both higher and more constant. 
  Additionally it appears that some countries are certainly affected more by the poor air quality then others. 
  This depends on the number of dense cities, the number of cars or other sources of pollution, and any 
  regulations that might be in place to prevent poor air quality. 
What data did you use?
  I used population data from The World Bank website: https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.pop.totl
  I also used data on air quality and deaths from diseases related to air quality from the World Health Organization: 
  Death rates: http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.main.ENVHEALTHJOINTAAPHAP?lang=en
  Air pollution: http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.main.152?lang=en 
  I may potentially seek further information on sources of pollution in different countries, air quality regulations 
  in countries, and city densities as well. This information would be more used in the format of expanded written knowledge 
  rather then data added to my current informational set. 
Visualizations and/or pivot tables to demonstrate your conclusion.
  Currently my visualization of this information is taking place in Excel primarily with tables and extracting the relevant 
  data to make a readable version of all information. I will continue to work on this and with this information through 
  pivot tables, mostly regarding death rates versus pollution, and also in Tableau through a few different possible formats. 
  I would like to look at this on a global scale in order to be able to more easily compare the differences in countries 
  around the world but I may also look into other formats that would allow easily visualized comparisons of what is going on. 
